When Bill Clinton was president,
he allowed Hillary to assume authority
over an attempt to health care reform.
 
Even after threats and intimidation,
she couldn't get a vote in a Democrat controlled US Congress.
 
This fiasco cost the American taxpayers
about $13 million
for studies, promotion, and other efforts.
 
Then, President Clinton gave Hillary authority
over selecting a female attorney general.
 
Her first two selections were Zoe Baird and Kimba Wood
- both were forced to withdraw their names from consideration.
 
Next, she chose Janet Reno
- husband Bill described her selection as
"my worst mistake."
 
Some may not remember that
Reno made the decision to gas
David Koresh and the Branch Davidian religious sect
in Waco, Texas resulting in dozens of deaths
of women and children.
 
Husband Bill allowed Hillary
to make recommendations
for the head of the Civil Rights Commission.
Lani Guanier was her selection. 
 
When a little probing led to the discovery
of Ms. Guanier's radical views,
her name had to be withdrawn from consideration.
 
Apparently a slow learner,
husband Bill allowed Hillary
to make some more recommendations.
 
She chose former law partners Web Hubbel
for the Justice Department,
Vince Foster for the White House staff,
and
William Kennedy for the Treasury Department.
 
Her selections went well:
Hubbel went to prison,
Foster (presumably) committed suicide,
and Kennedy was forced to resign.
 
Many younger voters will have no knowledge of "Travelgate."
Hillary wanted to award unfettered travel contracts
to Clinton friend Harry Thompson
- and the White House Travel Office refused to comply.
 
She managed
to have them reported to the FBI
and fired.
This ruined their reputations,
cost them their jobs,
and caused a thirty-six month investigation.
 
Only one employee,
Billy Dale
was charged with a crime,
and that of the enormous crime
of mixing personal and White House funds.
A jury acquitted him
of any crime in less than two hours.
 
Still not convinced of her ineptness,
Hillary was allowed to recommend
a close Clinton friend, Craig Livingstone,
for the position of Director of White House security.
 
When Livingstone was investigated
for the improper access
of about 900 FBI files of Clinton enemies (Filegate)
and the widespread use
of drugs by White House staff,
suddenly Hillary
and the President denied even knowing Livingstone,
and of course,
denied knowledge of drug use
in the White House.
 
Following this debacle,
the FBI closed its White House Liaison Office
after more than thirty years of service
to seven presidents.
 
Next, when women started coming forward
with allegations of sexual harassment and rape by Bill Clinton,
Hillary was put in charge of the "bimbo eruption"
and scandal defense.
 
Some of her more notable decisions in the debacle were:
  She urged her husband
not to settle the Paula Jones lawsuit.
After the Starr investigation,
they settled with Ms. Jones.
 
She refused to release the Whitewater documents,
which led to the appointment
of Ken Starr as Special Prosecutor.
 
After $80 million dollars of taxpayer money was spent,
Starr's investigation led to Monica Lewinsky,
which led to Bill lying
about and later admitting his affairs. 
 
Hillary's devious game plan
resulted in Bill losing his license
to practice law
for 'lying under oath'
to a grand jury
and then
his subsequent impeachment
by the House of Representatives.
 
Hillary avoided indictment
for perjury and obstruction of justice during the Starr investigation
by repeating, "I do not recall,"
"I have no recollection,"
and
"I don't know"
a total of 56 times
while under oath.
 
After leaving the White House,
Hillary was forced to return
an estimated $200,000 in White House furniture, china, and artwork
that she had "stolen."
 
What a swell person
- ready for another four
or eight years
of this low-life fool?
 
 
Now we are exposed
to the unsecure keeping and attempted destruction
of beyond Top Secret emails
while Hillary was US Secretary of State
and the "pay to play" schemes
of the Clinton Foundation.
 
What "shoe will fall" next?
 
But to her loyal fans:
"What difference does it make?"
 
Electing Hillary Clinton president
would be like granting
Satan absolution
and
giving him the keys to heaven!
President Obama goes on a visit to Israel. While he is on a tour of Jerusalem, he has a fatal heart attack.
The undertaker tells the US diplomats: "You can have him shipped home for $1 million or you can bury him here in the Holy Land for $100."
The US diplomats go into a huddle and come back to the undertaker and tell him they still want Obama flown home.
The undertaker is puzzled and asks: "Why would you spend $1 million to get him home when it would be wonderful to be buried here in this religious country and you would only spend $100?"
One diplomat replied: "More than 2000 years ago a man died here, was buried here, and just 3 days later he rose from the dead.
"We simply can't take that risk".
I did not know the extent of the problem till I read this.

Stupid is as stupid does.....
 
Ask any person between the ages of 18 and 25 if they've ever heard of the Nuremburg Trials. 1 in 13 might say they have, but will not be able to tell you “what” was on trial, or "who". Those same people will probably not be able to tell you the name of the Vice President. Welcome to dumbed-down America.
 
84% of those who receive this will not read it completely, or at all.
10% will, but will also choose not to forward it.
The remaining 6% will forward it.
 
The war started in the 7th century and lasted through the 17th century. I would contend it’s never stopped, but the facts below are historically correct.
 
This is why I choke when I hear someone say we will defeat or contain these Islamic terrorists in a few years, or maybe even 30 years, as recently stated by Leon Panetta.
 
If the latest batch of murders, be-headings, and killing of innocent Christians has shocked you, maybe you should read this compilation of historical facts about the hatred of Muslims for all who are not Muslims.
 
In 732 A.D. The Muslim Army, which was moving on Paris, was defeated and turned back at Tours, France, by Charles Martell.
 
In 1571 A.D. The Muslim Army/Navy was defeated by the Italians and Austrians as they tried to cross the Mediterranean to attack southern Europe in the Battle of Lepanto.
 
In 1683 A.D. The Turkish Muslim Army, attacking Eastern Europe, was finally defeated in the Battle of Vienna by German and Polish Christian Armies.
 
This has been going on for 1,400 years, and half of the politicians don't even know it. If these battles had not been won, we might be speaking Arabic and Christianity could be non-existent; Judaism certainly would not exist.
 
Reflecting: A lot of Americans have become so insulated from reality that they imagine that America can suffer defeat without any inconvenience to themselves. 
 
Pause a moment and reflect back. These events are actual events from history. They really happened! Do you remember?
 
47 years since 1968 …and this just keeps going on and on.
 
1. In 1968, Bobby Kennedy was shot and killed by a Muslim male.
 
2. In 1972, at the Munich Olympics, Israeli athletes were kidnapped and massacred by Muslim males.
 
3. In 1972, a Pan Am 747 was hijacked and eventually diverted to Cairo where a fuse was lit on final approach. Shortly after landing it was blown up by Muslim males.
 
4. In 1973, a Pan Am 707 was destroyed in Rome, with 33 people killed, when it was attacked with grenades by Muslim males.
 
5. In 1979, the US embassy in Iran was taken over by Muslim males.
 
6. During the1980's a number of Americans were kidnapped in Lebanon by Muslim males.
 
7. In 1983, the US Marine barracks in Beirut was blown up by Muslim males.
 
8. In 1985, the cruise ship Achille Lauro was hijacked and a 70-year old American passenger was murdered and thrown overboard in his wheelchair by Muslim males.
 
9. In 1985, TWA flight 847 was hijacked at Athens , and a US Navy diver trying to rescue passengers was murdered by Muslim males.
 
10. In 1988, Pan Am Flight 103 was bombed by Muslim males.
 
11. In 1993, the World Trade Center was bombed the first time by Muslim males.
 
12. In 1998, the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania were bombed by Muslim males.
 
13. On 9/11/01, four airliners were hijacked; two were used as missiles to take down the World Trade Centers and of the remaining two, one crashed into the US Pentagon and the other was diverted and crashed by the passengers. Thousands of people were killed by Muslim males.
 
14. In 2002, the United States fought a war in Afghanistan against Muslim males.
 
15. In 2002, reporter Daniel Pearl was kidnapped and beheaded by - you guessed it -a Muslim male. (Plus two other American journalists beheaded).
 
16. In 2013, the Boston Marathon bombing resulted in 4 Innocent people, (including a child) being killed and 264 people injured by Muslim males.
 
17. In 2016 San Bernardino massacre by Muslim couple.
 
18. In 2016 massacre in Paris in a nightclub by Muslim males.
 
19. In 2016 massacre in Brussels at an airport by Muslims
 
No Obama, I really don't see a pattern here to justify profiling, do you? So, to ensure we Americans never offend anyone, particularly fanatics intent on killing us, airport security screeners will no longer be allowed to profile certain people.
 
So, ask yourself "Just how stupid are we???"
 
Absolutely No Profiling! They must conduct random searches of 80-year-old women, little kids, airline pilots with proper identification, secret agents who are members of the Obama's security detail, 85-year-old Congressmen with metal hips, and Medal of Honor winner and former Governor Joe Foss.
 
BUT........ Leave Muslim Males alone lest we be guilty of profiling.
 
Ask yourself, "Just how stupid are we?" Have the American people completely lost their minds or just their power of reasoning???
 
As the writer of the award winning story “Forrest Gump" so aptly put it, "Stupid Is as Stupid Does."
 
Each opportunity that you have to send this to a friend or media outlet... Do It!
 
OBAMA SAID IN HIS BOOK “NOTHING SOUNDS AS BEAUTIFUL AS THE MUSLIM CALL TO PRAYER FROM THE TOWER.”
 
WAKE UP WORLD !!!
Yes, he told us in advance what he planned to do. Few were listening.
The following is a narrative taken from a 2008 Sunday morning televised "Meet The Press'.
From Sunday's 07 Sept. 2008 11:48:04 EST, Televised "Meet the Press" THE THEN Senator Obama was asked about his stance on the American Flag.
General Bill Gann' USAF (ret.) asked Obama to explain WHY he doesn't follow protocol when the National Anthem is played.
The General stated to Obama that according to the United States Code, Title 36, Chapter 10, Sec. 171...
During rendition of the national anthem, when the flag is displayed, all present (except those in uniform) are expected to stand at attention facing the flag with the right hand over the heart. Or, at the very least, "Stand and Face It".
 
Senator Obama replied :
"As I've said about the flag pin, I don't want to be perceived as taking sides." "There are a lot of people in the world to whom the American flag is a symbol of oppression..." "The anthem itself conveys a war-like message. You know, the bombs bursting in air and all that sort of thing."
 
Obama continued: "The National Anthem should be 'swapped' for something less parochial and less bellicose. I like the song 'I'd Like To Teach the World To Sing'. If that were our anthem, then, I might salute it. In my opinion, we should consider reinventing our National Anthem as well as 'redesign' our Flag to better offer our enemies hope and love.It's my intention, if elected, to disarm America  to the level of acceptance to our Middle East Brethren. If we, as a Nation of warring people, conduct ourselves like the nations of Islam, where peace prevails - - - perhaps a state or period of mutual accord could exist between our governments ....."

When I Become President, I will seek a pact of agreement to end hostilities between those who have been at war or in a state of enmity, and a freedom from disquieting oppressive thoughts.We as a Nation, have placed upon the nations ofIslam, an unfair injustice which is WHY my wife disrespects the Flag and she and I have attended several flag burning ceremonies in the past".

"Of course now,   I have found myself about to become The President of the  United States and I have put my hatred aside  . I will use my power to bring CHANGE to this Nation, and offer the people a new path. My wife and I look forward to becoming our Country's First black  Family.Indeed, CHANGE is about to overwhelm the   United States of America."
Yes, you read it right.
FOX NEWS BOWS TO THE WHITE HOUSE PRESSURE
 

Fox is already cowering; backing down to the President.
 
 
In response to President Obama's complaint that FOX News doesn't show enough Black and Hispanic people on their network, FOX has announced that they will now air "America's Most Wanted" TWICE a week.

 
Now, that's funny.....I don't care who you are!!!
I am the Democratic, Republican, Liberal-Progressive's Worst Nightmare. 
I am a White, Conservative, Tax-Paying, American Veteran, Gun-Owning Biker. That's me! I am a Master leather worker. I work hard and long hours with my hands to earn a living. 

I believe in God and the freedom of religion, but I don't push it on others. 
I ride Harley Davidson motorcycles and drive American-made cars, and I believe in American products and buy them whenever I can. 

I believe the money I make belongs to me and not some liberal governmental functionary, Democratic or Republican, who wants to share it with others who don't work!

I'm in touch with my feelings and I like it that way! 

I think owning a gun doesn't make you a killer; it makes you a smart American. 

I think being a minority does not make you noble or victimized, and does not entitle you to anything. Get over it! 

I believe that if you are selling me a Big Mac or any other item, you should do it in English.

I believe there should be no other language option. 

I believe everyone has a right to pray to his or her God when and where they want to. 

My heroes are Malcolm Forbes, Bill Gates, John Wayne, Babe Ruth, Roy Rogers, and Willie G. Davidson, who makes the awesome Harley Davidson Motorcycles.

I don't hate the rich. I don't pity the poor. 

I know wrestling is fake and I don't waste my time watching or arguing about it. 

I've never owned a slave, nor was I a slave. I haven't burned any witches or been persecuted by the Turks, and neither have you! 

I believe if you don't like the way things are here, go back to where you came from and change your own country! 

This is AMERICA ...We like it the way it is and more so the way it was ...so stop trying to change it to look like Russia or China, or some other socialist country! 

If you were born here and don't like it... you are free to move to any socialist country that will have you. I believe it is time to really clean house, starting with the White House, the seat of our biggest problems. 

I want to know which church it is, exactly, where the Reverend Jesse Jackson preaches, where he gets his money, and why he is always part of the problem and not the solution? 
 
I also think the cops have the right to pull you over if you're breaking the law, regardless of what color you are, but not just because you happen to ride a bike. 

And, no, I don't mind having my face shown on my driver's license. I think it's good.... And I'm proud that 'God' is written on my money.. 

I think if you are too stupid to know how a ballot works, I don't want you deciding who should be running the most powerful nation in the world for the next four years. 

I dislike those people standing in the intersections trying to sell me stuff or trying to guilt me into making 'donations' to their cause.... Get a job and do your part to support yourself and your family! 

I believe that it doesn't take a village to raise a child, it takes two parents.... 

I believe 'illegal' is illegal no matter what the lawyers think! 

I believe the American flag should be the only one allowed in AMERICA ! 

If this makes me a BAD American, then yes, I'm a BAD American. 

If you are a BAD American, too, please forward this to everyone you know.... 

We want our country back!

My Country..... I hope this offends all illegal aliens. 

My great, great, great, great grandfather watched and bled as his friends died in the Revolution & the War of 1812.
 
My great, great, great grandfather watched as his friends died in the Mexican American War.
 
My great, great grandfather watched as his friends & brothers died in the Civil War.
 
My great grandfather watched as his friends died in the Spanish-American War.
 
My grandfather watched as his friends died in WW I.
 
My father watched as his friends died in WW II. 

I watched as my friends died in Vietnam, Panama & Desert Storm.
 
My son watched & bled as his friends died in Afghanistan and Iraq.
 
None of them died for the Mexican Flag. Every one died for the American flag. 

Texas high school students raised a Mexican flag on a school flag pole; 
other students took it down. Guess who was expelled...the students who took it down. 

California high school students were sent home on Cinco de Mayo, because they wore t-shirts with the American flag printed on them. 

Enough is enough.

This message needs to be viewed by every American; and every 
American needs to stand up for America.                    .

We've bent over to appease the America-haters long enough. I'm taking a stand. 

I'm standing up because hundreds of thousands died fighting in wars for this country, and for the American flag. 

If you agree, stand up with me. If you disagree, please let me know. I will gladly remove you from my e-mail list. 

And shame on anyone who tries to make this a racist message. 

AMERICANS, stop giving away your RIGHTS ! 

Let me make this clear! THIS IS MY COUNTRY! 

This statement DOES NOT mean I'm against immigration! 

YOU ARE WELCOME HERE, IN MY COUNTRY, welcome to come legally: 

1. Get a sponsor! 

2. Learn the LANGUAGE, as immigrants have in the past! 

3. Live by OUR rules! 

4. Get a job! 

5. Pay YOUR Taxes! 

6. No Social Security until you have earned it and paid for it! 

7. NOW find a place to lay your head! 

If you don't want to forward this for fear of offending someone, then YOU'RE PART OF THE PROBLEM ! 

We've gone so far the other way . . . bent over backwards not to offend anyone. 

Only AMERICANS seems to care when American citizens are being offended! 

WAKE UP, America!!!

Made in the U S A & PROUD OF IT!!!!! 